README.md, before:

# Express-Note-Taker_HuiPan
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

## Table of Contents

1. [Description](#userStory)
  
2. [Installation](#installation)
  
3. [Usage](#usage)
  
4. [Contributions](#contributions)
  
5. [Questions](#questions)
  

## Description
The application can be used to write and save notes. This application will use an Express.js back end and will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.
```
User Story:
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete
```
```
Acceptance Criteria: 
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save button
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation
WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears
```

## Installation
1.Download GitHub repository: [Github Repository]https://github.com/HuiPan-Peter/Express-Note-Taker_HuiPan.git
2.Open folder with VSCode to check "dependencies": {"express": "^4.16.4","uuid": "^8.3.2" };
3.Under node command-line run "npm i" to install express and uuid;

## Usage
1.Under bash command ``` node server.js ``` to start the express server;
2.Follow the link http://localhost:3001 on the terminal or open the link http://127.0.0.1:3001/ from a browser;
3.On the default index page, click "Get Started" button;
4.On the notes page, check your previous, delete a note or create a new one;
---
[Heroku deployed URL] https://agile-hollows-64817-392c24d32f8b.herokuapp.com/
---
## Contributions

https://github.com/HuiPan-Peter

## License

![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

```
     https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

    Licensed under the MIT License

    Copyright u00A9 [2023] [Hui Pan]
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining 
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), 
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the 
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished 
to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, 
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE
```

## Questions

If you have any questions about this application, Contact Me:

```
Github: https://github.com/HuiPan-Peter

Email:  guaranstone@gmail.com
```

Commit message:

Adding Demo Video and Screenshot

README.md, after:

# Express-Note-Taker_HuiPan
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Deployed with Heroku at:
  [https://agile-hollows-64817-392c24d32f8b.herokuapp.com/](https://agile-hollows-64817-392c24d32f8b.herokuapp.com/)

## Table of Contents

1. [Description](#userStory)
  
2. [Installation](#installation)
  
3. [Usage](#usage)
  
4. [Contributions](#contributions)
  
5. [Questions](#questions)
  

## Description
The application can be used to write and save notes. This application will use an Express.js back end and will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.
```
User Story:
AS A small business owner
I WANT to be able to write and save notes
SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete
```
```
Acceptance Criteria: 
GIVEN a note-taking application
WHEN I open the Note Taker
THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page
WHEN I click on the link to the notes page
THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column
WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text
THEN a "Save Note" button and a "Clear Form" button appear in the navigation at the top of the page
WHEN I click on the Save button
THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes and the buttons in the navigation disappear
WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column
THEN that note appears in the right-hand column and a "New Note" button appears in the navigation
WHEN I click on the "New Note" button in the navigation at the top of the page
THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column and the button disappears
```

## Installation
1.Download GitHub repository: [Github Repository]https://github.com/HuiPan-Peter/Express-Note-Taker_HuiPan.git
2.Open folder with VSCode to check "dependencies": {"express": "^4.16.4","uuid": "^8.3.2" };
3.Under node command-line run ```npm i``` to install express and uuid;

## Usage
1.Under bash command ``` node server.js ``` to start the express server;
2.Follow the link http://localhost:3001 on the terminal or open the link http://127.0.0.1:3001/ from a browser;
3.On the default index page, click "Get Started" button;
4.On the notes page, check your previous, delete a note or create a new one;
---
[Heroku deployed URL] https://agile-hollows-64817-392c24d32f8b.herokuapp.com/
---

## Walkthrough Video Demo & Screenshot of the Application
 ![Express-Note-Taker_HuiPan]()

## Contributions

https://github.com/HuiPan-Peter

## License

![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)

```
     https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT

    Licensed under the MIT License

    Copyright u00A9 [2023] [Hui Pan]
    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining 
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), 
to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the 
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell 
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished 
to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all 
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, 
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR 
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE 
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, 
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE
```

## Questions

If you have any questions about this application, Contact Me:

```
Github: https://github.com/HuiPan-Peter

Email:  guaranstone@gmail.com
```
